Minari {'Year': 2020, 'Rating': 7.7, 'Director(s)': ['Lee Isaac Chung'], 'Plot': ['A Korean family starts a farm in 1980s Arkansas.', "Yearning to own a small patch of land and be more than a chicken sexer, the ambitious paterfamilias, Jacob Yi, relocates his Korean-American family, sceptical wife, Monica, and their children, David and Anne, from California to 1980s rural Arkansas, to start afresh and capture the elusive American Dream. However, new beginnings are always challenging, and to find out what is best for the family, let alone start a 50-acre farm to grow and sell Korean fruits and vegetables, is easier said than done. But, amid sincere promises, cultural unease, fleeting hopes, and the ever-present threat of financial disaster, Jacob is convinced that he has found their own slice of Eden in the rich, dark soil of Arkansas. Can grandma Soon-ja's humble but resilient minari help the Yi family figure out their place in the world?::Nick Riganas"], 'Cast (top 5)': ['Alan S. Kim', 'Yeri Han', 'Noel Cho', 'Steven Yeun', 'Darryl Cox'], 'Genre': ['Drama']}
Sound of Metal {'Year': 2019, 'Rating': 7.8, 'Director(s)': ['Darius Marder'], 'Plot': ["A heavy-metal drummer's life is thrown into freefall when he begins to lose his hearing."], 'Cast (top 5)': ['Riz Ahmed', 'Olivia Cooke', 'Paul Raci', 'Lauren Ridloff', 'Mathieu Amalric'], 'Genre': ['Drama', 'Music']}
Mank {'Year': 2020, 'Rating': 7.0, 'Director(s)': ['David Fincher'], 'Plot': ["1930's Hollywood is reevaluated through the eyes of scathing social critic and alcoholic screenwriter Herman J. Mankiewicz as he races to finish the screenplay of Citizen Kane (1941).::yusufpiskin", '1940. Film studio RKO hires 24-year-old wunderkind Orson Welles under a contract that gives him full creative control of his movies. For his first film, he calls in washed-up alcoholic Herman J Mankiewicz to write the screenplay. That film is "Citizen Kane," and this is the story of how it was written.::grantss'], 'Cast (top 5)': ['Gary Oldman', 'Amanda Seyfried', 'Lily Collins', 'Tom Pelphrey', 'Arliss Howard'], 'Genre': ['Biography', 'Comedy', 'Drama']}
Promising Young Woman {'Year': 2020, 'Rating': 7.5, 'Director(s)': ['Emerald Fennell'], 'Plot': ['A young woman, traumatized by a tragic event in her past, seeks out vengeance against those who crossed her path.', "Pushing thirty, and defined by a hideous crime involving her bosom friend, Nina, emotionally scarred medical school dropout, Cassie, knows firsthand that some wounds never heal. Leading an uneventful existence, still living with her parents, waiting tables at a cheap coffee shop to earn a living, Cassie has found the perfect way to deal with the painful past. Dressed to kill, at night, Cassie frequents the local bars and nightclubs, pretending to be dead-drunk, utterly helpless and vulnerable. And, every week, lethally beautiful Cassie is on the prowl for all sorts of nocturnal predators and other wolves in sheep's clothing, who are unaware that, sometimes, the hunter can become the prey. Then, Ryan, a kindly and caring old classmate who is the bee's knees, enters the picture, and just like that, Cassie wants out. However, everybody knows that breaking bad habits is easier said than done. Could Ryan be the one?::Nick Riganas", "Nothing in Cassie's life is what it appears to be -- she's wickedly smart, tantalizingly cunning, and she's living a secret double life by night. Now, an unexpected encounter is about to give Cassie a chance to right the wrongs from the past."], 'Cast (top 5)': ['Adam Brody', 'Ray Nicholson', 'Sam Richardson', 'Carey Mulligan', 'Timothy E. Goodwin'], 'Genre': ['Crime', 'Drama', 'Thriller']}
The Father {'Year': 2020, 'Rating': 8.2, 'Director(s)': ['Florian Zeller'], 'Plot': ['A man refuses all assistance from his daughter as he ages. As he tries to make sense of his changing circumstances, he begins to doubt his loved ones, his own mind and even the fabric of his reality.'], 'Cast (top 5)': ['Olivia Colman', 'Anthony Hopkins', 'Mark Gatiss', 'Olivia Williams', 'Imogen Poots'], 'Genre': ['Drama']}
Judas and the Black Messiah {'Year': 2021, 'Rating': 7.6, 'Director(s)': ['Shaka King'], 'Plot': ["Bill O'Neal infiltrates the Black Panther Party per FBI Agent Mitchell and J. Edgar Hoover. As Party Chairman Fred Hampton ascends, falling for a fellow revolutionary en route, a battle wages for O'Neal's soul.", 'Fred Hampton, a young, charismatic activist, becomes Chairman of the Illinois chapter of the Black Panther Party - putting him directly in the crosshairs of the government, the FBI, and the Chicago Police. But to destroy the revolution, the authorities are going to need a man on the inside.', "FBI informant William O'Neal (LaKeith Stanfield) infiltrates the Illinois Black Panther Party and is tasked with keeping tabs on their charismatic leader, Chairman Fred Hampton (Daniel Kaluuya). A career thief, O'Neal revels in the danger of manipulating both his comrades and his handler, Special Agent Roy Mitchell (Jesse Plemons). Hampton's political prowess grows just as he's falling in love with fellow revolutionary Deborah Johnson (Dominique Fishback). Meanwhile, a battle wages for O'Neal's soul. Will he align with the forces of good? Or subdue Hampton and The Panthers by any means, as FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover (Martin Sheen) commands?"], 'Cast (top 5)': ['Daniel Kaluuya', 'LaKeith Stanfield', 'Jesse Plemons', 'Dominique Fishback', 'Ashton Sanders'], 'Genre': ['Biography', 'Drama', 'History']}
The Trial of the Chicago 7 {'Year': 2020, 'Rating': 7.8, 'Director(s)': ['Aaron Sorkin'], 'Plot': ['The story of 7 people on trial stemming from various charges surrounding the uprising at the 1968 Democratic National Convention in Chicago, Illinois.::Ashley Barlowe', "In Chicago 1968, the Democratic Party Convention was met with protests from activists like the moderate Students for a Democratic Society led by Tom Hayden and the militant Yippies led by Abbie Hoffman and Jerry Rubin, which led to violent confrontations with the local authorities. As a result, seven of the accused ringleaders are arraigned on charges like Conspiracy by the hostile Nixon administration, including Bobby Seale of the Black Panthers who was not involved in the incident. What follows is an unfair trial presided by the belligerent Judge Hoffman (No relation) and prosecuted by a reluctant but duty-bound Richard Schultz. As their pro bono lawyers face such odds, Hayden and his fellows are frustrated by the Yippies' outrageous antics undermining their defense in defiance of the system even while Seale is denied a chance to defend himself his way. Along the way, the Chicago 7 clash in their political philosophies even as they learn they need each other in this fight.::Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol1970@gmail.com)", 'What was intended to be a peaceful protest at the 1968 Democratic National Convention turned into a violent clash with police and the National Guard. The organizers of the protest--including Abbie Hoffman, Jerry Rubin, Tom Hayden, and Bobby Seale--were charged with conspiracy to incite a riot. The trial that followed was one of the most notorious in history.::yusufpiskin', '1969. With the new Richard Nixon administration in the White House, US Attorney General John Mitchell proceeds to lay charges against Tom Hayden and Rennie Davis, leaders of Students for Democratic Society, Abbie Hoffman and Jerry Rubin, leaders of the Youth International Parties (Yippies or Young Hippies), David Dellinger, leader of Mobilization to End the War in Vietnam (The Mobe), individuals Lee Weiner and John Froines, and Bobby Seale, National Chair of the Black Panthers, under the never used Rap Brown Law: for "conspiracy to cross state lines in order to incite violence" for their roles in the protest outside the National Democratic Convention (DNC) in Chicago the summer previous, the protest which turned violent. The protest was against the United States\' escalating participation in the Vietnam War, the DNC chosen for then President Lyndon B. Johnson\'s doubling of troops almost overnight and the presumptive Democratic nominee for President, Hubert H. Humphrey, continuing such if elected. In part as they are using the same legal team of William Kunstler and Leonard Weinglass, the first seven are deemed the Chicago 7, with Seale the outsider for many reasons, including he being the only one of the eight a person of color. If convicted, they could serve a maximum penalty of ten years in prison. While the eight are aware of each other, some had never met before the protest and rarely collaborated. As such, the lead prosecutor, Richard Schultz, as does everyone else involved in this case, is aware that the charges and thus the trial are politically motivated rather than a matter of justice under the law, with each of the eight of the eight hundred or so protesters chosen for very specific political reasons, and as former Attorney General under Johnson, Ramsey Clark, had no intention of laying charges after the Justice Department\'s review.::Huggo', "In the wake of the bloody events before and after the 1968 Democratic National Convention in Chicago, where unarmed protesters were pitted against armed-to-the-teeth police officers in Lincoln Park, Attorney General John Mitchell, appoints prosecutors, Richard Schultz and Tom Foran, to bring eight men to trial for inciting violence. In 1969, under Richard Nixon's presidency, eight alleged ringleaders faced charges of conspiracy and promoting riot. They were the Conspiracy Eight: Tom Hayden and Rennie Davis, enthusiastic and silver-tongued leaders of the Students for a Democratic Society; Yippies, Abbie Hoffman and Jerry Rubin, who ran the Youth International Party; radical pacifist and conscientious objector, David Dellinger; anti-war activist, John Froines; teaching assistant, Lee Weiner, and co-founder of the Black Panther Party, Bobby Seale, whose case was eventually declared a mistrial. Apart from Bobby Seale, all the defendants were represented by William Kunstler and Leonard Weinglass, who were convinced that the charges are politically motivated. The judge was bigoted Julius Hoffman who refused to let the progressive, former U.S. Attorney General, Ramsey Clark, testify in front of the jury. But, who started the riots? Was it the protesters or the police?::Nick Riganas"], 'Cast (top 5)': ['Eddie Redmayne', 'Alex Sharp', 'Sacha Baron Cohen', 'Jeremy Strong', 'John Carroll Lynch'], 'Genre': ['Drama', 'History', 'Thriller']}
Nomadland {'Year': 2020, 'Rating': 7.6, 'Director(s)': ['Chloé Zhao'], 'Plot': ['After losing everything in the Great Recession, a woman embarks on a journey through the American West, living as a van-dwelling modern-day nomad.', "Following the economic collapse of a company town in rural Nevada, Fern (Frances McDormand) packs her van and sets off on the road exploring a life outside of conventional society as a modern-day nomad. The third feature film from director Chloé Zhao, NOMADLAND features real nomads Linda May, Swankie and Bob Wells as Fern's mentors and comrades in her exploration through the vast landscape of the American West.::Searchlight Pictures", 'Left with nothing but a broken heart, widowed Fern, a former substitute teacher, finds herself forced out of her home in Empire, Nevada, when the local U.S. Gypsum plant closed the mine, and with it, the town, in 2011. Faced with a bleak economic future, Fern crams her scanty, memory-laden belongings into a beat-up, second-hand van and hits the road, travelling from town to town, state to state, in search of work opportunities. As dignified Fern adopts a nomadic, hand-to-mouth lifestyle, along the way, she meets other kindred spirits, silver-haired, fellow modern-day nomads, whose entire generation suffered a crippling blow after the 2008 financial collapse. But, when the world is collapsing around you, and memories are all we have left, is home just a word?::Nick Riganas'], 'Cast (top 5)': ['Frances McDormand', 'Gay DeForest', 'Patricia Grier', 'Linda May', 'Angela Reyes'], 'Genre': ['Drama']}
